[ Music ]
>> Dao Xiong: Well, I think the
biggest challenge is to achieve
in reading, writing, and mathematics.
These pose an egregious challenge for her
to achieve those, achieve these things.
However, she has managed herself to learn
as she can, and by the time that finish,
she finished high school, she was at the
lower level of grade school in those subjects.
She loved children and this was her
first exploration to see if she can go
to some class or, you know, do some visual,
to do some casual work related to [inaudible].
But I understand that this area
requires particular skills to do.
So, however, she still loved those
children and this area is still part
of her goal when she's in high school.
Well, our culture aspect we try to graph
and have his or her own family by themself.
So for her, she will be more dependent
on the family and siblings' support.
So I expect that she will have a family,
but that's not for sure at this time.
However, because of her disability,
I understand that she can be herself
because I have seen many young men and
young women being single all along.
Other cultural aspect that having a
child living with someone else is taboo
because it's shown that, it's shown the
lack of parent's role and responsibility.
But however, I know that there is an
option there that she can live with us,
she can live alone with support,
or she can be in a group home.
[ Music ]